Add Statement-editor doc (#3)
wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin: en/docs/references/how-to-use-statement-editor.md

> # Construct Statements using the Statement-Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Construct statements using the Statement Editor
```

> The Statement-Editor allows you to construct Ballerina statements depending on the use case you want to build. It is an intuitive visual editor that is easy to use even without an in-depth knowledge of the [Ballerina Programming Language](https://ballerina.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Statement Editor allows you to construct Ballerina statements depending on the use case you want to build. It is an intuitive visual editor that is easy to use without an in-depth knowledge of the [Ballerina Programming Language](https://ballerina.io/).
```

It provides the following:

- Context-based suggestions

- Ballerina libraries (standard libraries and language libraries)

- Pre-defined expression templates

> - Documentation for functions and methods to easily configure parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation for functions and methods to configure parameters easily 
```

> This guide walks you through the steps to build the following statement using the editing capabilities in the Statement-Editor. Later we will explore different use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through the steps to build the following statement using the editing capabilities of the Statement Editor. Later, you will explore different use cases.
```

```
final string userIdMsg = "UserID : " + id.toString();
```

> Let's add the above statement to the main method of the given sample code below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add the above statement to the main method of the given sample code below.
```

```
int id = 1234;
 
public function main() returns error? {
   // Statement will be added here
}

```

> To build the statement, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to build the statement.
```

> 1. On the low-code diagram, click **+** within the main method. Then click **Variable** in the **Add Constructs** pane that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the low-code diagram, click **+** within the main method. Then, click **Variable** in the **Add Constructs** pane that opens.
```

    ![Add variable statement](../img/statement-editor/add-variable-statement.gif)

>     The Statement-Editor opens displaying the syntax for a variable statement with **`<add-expression>`** selected by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Statement Editor opens displaying the syntax of a variable statement with the **`<add-expression>`** selected by default.
```

2. Click the **var** type descriptor on the statement and click **string** on the **Suggestions** tab.

>     !!! info

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>         The **Suggestions** tab provides contextual suggestions based on the selected item. The **Suggestions** tab currently lists type suggestions because you selected the type descriptor.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** The **Suggestions** tab provides contextual suggestions based on the selected item. The **Suggestions** tab currently lists type suggestions because you selected the type descriptor.    
```

    ![Change type descriptor](../img/statement-editor/change-type-descriptor.gif)

    Here, you are specifying that the variable value is a string.

3. To edit the variable name, double-click **`variable`** and type `userIdMsg` in the text box.

>     !!! info

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>         Another way to make a part of a statement editable is to click on the required statement component and press  **Enter**/**Return**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** Another way to make a part of a statement editable is to click on the required statement component and press  **Enter**/**Return**.
```

    ![Edit variable name](../img/statement-editor/edit-variable-name.gif)

>     !!! tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    If you want to make changes to the content you have added to the statement, you can undo and redo your actions via the relevant icons on the top left of the toolbar. You can also remove content via the icon for deleting.

4. Double click **`<add-expression>`** and type `"UserID : "` in the text box.

>     !!! info

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

        To navigate from one item on the statement to another, you can also press **Tab** or **Shift** + **Tab**.

    ![Edit variable expression](../img/statement-editor/edit-variable-expression.gif)

    Here, you are entering static text as a part of the variable value.

> 5. To concatenate another expression to the String that we have added right now, we could follow two approaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Follow the two approaches below to concatenate another expression to the String that you added right now.
```

>     1. Using the toolbar, click on **Plus (+)** operator.  OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click the **Plus (+)** operator in the toolbar
```

>     2. Click **Expressions** tab, and under the Arithmetic section, click the **Es + Ex** expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Click the **Expressions** tab, and under the **Arithmetic** section, click the **Es + Ex** expression
```

    Both of these methods will append another expression template to the existing expression. 

>     !!! info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

>         The **Expressions** tab lists all the pre-defined templates that you can use to define complex expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** The **Expressions** tab lists all the pre-defined templates that you can use to define complex expressions.
```

    ![Select expression template](../img/statement-editor/select-expression-template.gif)

    In the `Es + Ex` expression template, `Es` refers to the existing expression you clicked and selected. `+ Ex` combines another expression with `Es`.

> 6. Click **Suggestions** tab and click on the **id** suggestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click the **Suggestions** tab and click on the **id** suggestion.
```

    ![Select id suggestions](../img/statement-editor/select-id-from-suggestions.gif)

>      You will see some diagnostics generated for the suggestion you selected. Move on to the next step to resolve them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You view some diagnostics generated for the suggestion you selected. Move on to the next step to resolve them. 
```

> 7. To solve the diagnostics you could follow two approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Follow the two approaches below to solve the diagnostics.
```

>     1. Statement editor provides **code-actions**, based on your preference you could select the options provided. To view the options, click on the bulb icon next to the diagnostic. OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select the**code-actions** provided by the Statement Editor provides based on your preference. To view the options, click on the bulb icon next to the diagnostic.
```

>     2. Click the **Suggestions** tab. Click **toString()** in the suggestions list to convert the value to a string format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Click the **Suggestions** tab and click **toString()** in the suggestions list to convert the value to a string format.
```

>     As you can see, the Suggestions tab will also provide other supported functions which can be called for the given expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Suggestions** tab will also provide other supported functions that can be called for the given expression.
```

>     !!! info

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>      When you select a function or a method call, the **Parameters** tab opens by default. This tab displays information about the selected function or method call, including details about parameters, descriptions, and return type descriptions. On this tab, you can easily add parameters to the expression by selecting the checkboxes for the relevant parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** When you select a function or a method call, the **Parameters** tab opens by default. This tab displays information about the selected function or method call including details about parameters, descriptions, and return type descriptions. On this tab, you can easily add parameters to the expression by selecting the checkboxes of the relevant parameters.
```

     ![Convert to String](../img/statement-editor/convert-to-string.gif)

>      Note that the Statement Editor has cleared all the diagnostics messages, indicating that the statement is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The Statement Editor clears all the diagnostics messages indicating that the statement is valid.
```

>      Now we need to make the variable a final. Let's follow the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Now, follow the steps below to make the variable a final. 
```

> 8. Click on the globe icon in the toolbar and check on the **final** keyword. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click on the globe icon in the toolbar and select the **final** keyword. 
```

>     !!! Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>     The dropdown shows the possible modifiers for the currently editing statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** The dropdown shows the possible modifiers for the statement that is currently being edited.
```

     ![Make final](../img/statement-editor/add-stmt-qualifier.gif)

>      You will see the variable statement to be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You view the variable statement as follows.
```

     ```
     final string userIdMsg = "UserID : " + id.toString();
     ```
    

> Congratulations! You have constructed a valid statement via the Statement-Editor!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you constructed a valid statement via the Statement Editor.
```

> You can click **Save** to add the variable statement to the low-code diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Save** to add the variable statement to the low-code diagram.
```

> To explore more on the statement-editor functionalities you could follow the uses cases linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Featured use cases 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Featured use cases 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explore more on the Statement Editor functionalities, see the use cases below.
```
